Yes?
More time.
I'll be back soon.
Don't let's give me everything.
This is a despair between me and Smoz.
This painting is Van Gogh's Irish,
which I copied when I was in high school.
I love my paintings,
but I think that my classmate made the best copy.
Even if nobody knows his name,
he was like an example of excellent.
I always can recognize his painting.
I studied it for a while.
I think the owner of this painting
wants to say a great job,
haven't you?
And by the way,
with his audience,
we can go to the legal departments
to do evidence,
to win this case.
I wanted to ask you for a long time ago,
why are you willing to help me like this?
And just a minute ago, I knew the answer.